what is up boys I'm back for another
video what we're gonna be doing today is
I'm gonna be talking you about a
sponsorship I have now encountered um
not exactly a sponsorship it's like a
sponsorship slash affiliate marketing
type thing so if you guys are interested
in being partially sponsored to
lootcrate
make sure you guys click the link in my
description and you guys will it would
take you to a referral link place and
all you guys got to do is sign up and to
get started it'll give you $5 so if you
guys are interested in that and you guys
want to be sponsored by loot crate and
get some cool gaming boxes it's like a
care package and you guys can get some
cool stuff in the boxes and you guys can
get little displays for your YouTube
channel or anything like that it will be
pretty awesome if you guys do links will
link will be in the description to that
if you guys are interested in buying any
other stuff my links will be in the
description to other places and you guys
can get yourself a cool good discount so
like I was saying talking to you guys
about loot crate is once you guys sign
up you get the option to have your own
referral link and they'll send you an
email telling you guys you got your
referral link and stuff like that it'll
give you your 5 bucks and with that 5
bucks you can save up from getting other
people use referral links and you guys
can buy some boxes and a reveal them on
your YouTube channel that's what I'm
planning on doing so I think if we get 4
people to sign up so 4 people let's sign
up not only will we get 5 bucks but I'll
be able to do a review of one of the
boxes on my channel so you guys can get
some dope stuff and realize that it's
not no scam or anything like that you
guys are actually getting good stuff and
it's gonna be awesome like that so if
you guys are interested in signing up
for loot crate and getting $5 and being
able to get other people to get some
money and you'll be able to get some
money and get some free gaming stuff
make sure you guys sign up using my link
down in the description I will probably
be one of the it will probably be the
first link so if you guys are interested
and that makes you guys do that um other
than that guys make sure you guys like
and subscribe and tell me in the comment
section if you guys like my LEDs I
bought them and I really like them
actually I'm planning on putting summer
my desk I have a new desk I will be
building really soon and then I also
have ones on my dresser I'll be I will
be putting on so those will all be dope
but right now I just have the ones
behind my bed which is pretty still lit
so if you guys like I said before make
sure you guys like and subscribe and
make sure you sign up using my link I'll
move crate to get five dollars